3 of 3: Documentation cleanup and update. Added a motif finding tutorial. (#511)
graphframes/graphframes: README.md

> # graphframes

Reviewer: Let's add a logo here?

Author: Done! https://github.com/graphframes/graphframes/blob/rjurney/motif-tutorial-docs/README.md

<img src="docs/img/GraphFrames-Logo-Large.png" alt="GraphFrames Logo" width="400"/>

[![Scala CI](https://github.com/graphframes/graphframes/actions/workflows/scala-ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/graphframes/graphframes/actions/workflows/scala-ci.yml)
[![Python CI](https://github.com/graphframes/graphframes/actions/workflows/python-ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/graphframes/graphframes/actions/workflows/python-ci.yml)
[![pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/graphframes/graphframes/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://github.com/graphframes/graphframes/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment)

# GraphFrames: DataFrame-based Graphs

> This is a package for DataFrame-based graphs on top of Apache Spark. Users can write highly expressive queries by leveraging the DataFrame API, combined with a new API for network motif finding. The user also benefits from DataFrame performance optimizations within the Spark SQL engine. GraphFrames works in Java, Scala, and Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a package for graphs processing and analytics on scale. It is build on top of Apache Spark and relying on DataFrame abstraction. Users can write highly expressive queries by leveraging the DataFrame API, combined with a new API for network motif finding. The user also benefits from DataFrame performance optimizations within the Spark SQL engine. GraphFrames works in Java, Scala, and Python.
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a note about deprecation of GraphX in Spark 4.0? Something like "With deprecation of GraphX in Apache Spark Core GraphFrames is the recommended approach for the distributed graphs processing."?

You can find user guide and API docs at https://graphframes.github.io/graphframes

## GraphFrames is Back!

> This projects was dormant for some time, but we are happy to announce that it is now back in active development! We are working on a new release with many bug fixes and improvements. We are also working on a new website and documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This projects was in maintenance mode for some time, but we are happy to announce that it is now back in active development! We are working on a new release with many bug fixes and improvements. We are also working on a new website and documentation.
```
